hi I'm John from growing life London UK
urban and indoor growing specialists
we're here to talk about drying
mushrooms at home the reason we dry
mushrooms is to keep the bacteria and
microorganisms from growing and
basically making our mushrooms go off
when we dried them we can use them for a
lot longer period of time drying them
also locks in the flavor and mushrooms
that have a very intense flavor once dry
drying the mushrooms will remove the
moisture and then we will have a dry
product that we can store or use
immediately when drying mushrooms you
want to wash them thoroughly removing
the woody part of the stalk
cutting them evenly approximately half a
centimetre to 1 centimeter thick then
placing them in a food dehydrator as
such we want to evenly space them out
single layer setting them to 57 degrees
Celsius anything higher than this will
spoil the flavor of the dryer of the
mushroom you know the mushroom is live
those drives
once it is leathery and brittle and then
we can plate it into airtight storage
containers for future use there are over
38,000 different types of mushrooms here
are two varieties that we have dried out
as many of them are poisonous is best to
check which variety you are drying out
here at least the mushrooms and they dry
out very nice with a very intense flavor
and these have a leathery texture when
dry we also have bottom mushrooms which
tend to go now brutally with a slight
leathery texture they both keeping their
flavour very well I'm John from grain
life London and that is how to dry
mushrooms at home using a food
dehydrator